examples/source_examples/clickhouse/README.md, before:

# **ClickHouse Database Example**

**Connector Overview**

This connector shows how to pull data from ClickHouse databases. It connects to a specified ClickHouse instance, extracts data from tables, and syncs it to your destination.

## **Requirements**

* [Supported Python versions](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/blob/main/README.md#requirements)   
* Operating System:  
  * Windows 10 or later  
  * macOS 13 (Ventura) or later

## **Getting Started**

Refer to the [Setup Guide](https://fivetran.com/docs/connectors/connector-sdk/setup-guide) to get started.

## **Features**

- Connects to ClickHouse cloud or on-premise instances
- Streams query results to handle large datasets efficiently
- Tracks sync progress using state and checkpointing
- Supports incremental syncs

## **Configuration File**

The connector requires the following configuration parameters: 

```
{
  "hostname": "<YOUR_CLICKHOUSE_HOSTNAME>",
  "username": "<YOUR_CLICKHOUSE_USERNAME>",
  "password": "<YOUR_CLICKHOUSE_PASSWORD>",
  "database": "<YOUR_CLICKHOUSE_DATABASE>"
}
```

- hostname: Your ClickHouse server hostname
- username: Username for authentication
- password: Password for authentication
- database: The ClickHouse database to connect to

Note: Ensure that the `configuration.json` file is not checked into version control to protect sensitive information.

## **Requirements File**

The connector requires the clickhouse_connect Python library for connecting to ClickHouse:

```
clickhouse_connect==0.8.17
```

Note: The `fivetran_connector_sdk:latest` and `requests:latest` packages are pre-installed in the Fivetran environment. To avoid dependency conflicts, do not declare them in your `requirements.txt`.

## **Authentication**

The connector uses basic username and password authentication to connect to ClickHouse. These credentials are specified in the configuration file. The connector uses TLS/SSL for secure connections (indicated by the secure=True parameter in the client configuration).  To obtain credentials: 

1. Create an account in the ClickHouse Cloud console
2. Click on the "Connect" button for your cluster
3. Choose the python Language client to get the connection details
4. Use the connection details to fill in the configuration file

## **Pagination**

The connector uses ClickHouse's streaming query capabilities to efficiently process large datasets without loading all data into memory. This is implemented using the `client.query_rows_stream()` method which yields rows as they are retrieved from the database. 

## **Data Handling**

The connector:  
- Establishes a connection to the ClickHouse database.
- Inserts data into dummy table for testing purposes.
- Retrieves column metadata for the specified table.
- Executes queries with incremental filtering based on a timestamp column (`created_at`).
- Upserts data into destination table.

## **Error Handling**

The connector implements error handling for:  
- Connection failures: Raises informative exceptions if the connector fails to connect to ClickHouse
- Configuration validation: Checks for required configuration parameters before attempting to connect

## **Additional Considerations**

The examples provided are intended to help you effectively use Fivetran's Connector SDK. While we've tested the code, Fivetran cannot be held responsible for any unexpected or negative consequences that may arise from using these examples. For inquiries, please reach out to our Support team.

Commit message:

moving dummy data logic to new file

examples/source_examples/clickhouse/README.md, after:

# **ClickHouse Database Example**

**Connector Overview**

This connector shows how to pull data from ClickHouse databases. It connects to a specified ClickHouse instance, extracts data from tables, and syncs it to your destination.

## **Requirements**

* [Supported Python versions](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/blob/main/README.md#requirements)   
* Operating System:  
  * Windows 10 or later  
  * macOS 13 (Ventura) or later

## **Getting Started**

Refer to the [Setup Guide](https://fivetran.com/docs/connectors/connector-sdk/setup-guide) to get started.

## **Features**

- Connects to ClickHouse cloud or on-premise instances
- Streams query results to handle large datasets efficiently
- Tracks sync progress using state and checkpointing
- Supports incremental syncs

## **Configuration File**

The connector requires the following configuration parameters: 

```
{
  "hostname": "<YOUR_CLICKHOUSE_HOSTNAME>",
  "username": "<YOUR_CLICKHOUSE_USERNAME>",
  "password": "<YOUR_CLICKHOUSE_PASSWORD>",
  "database": "<YOUR_CLICKHOUSE_DATABASE>"
}
```

- hostname: Your ClickHouse server hostname
- username: Username for authentication
- password: Password for authentication
- database: The ClickHouse database to connect to

Note: Ensure that the `configuration.json` file is not checked into version control to protect sensitive information.

## **Requirements File**

The connector requires the clickhouse_connect Python library for connecting to ClickHouse:

```
clickhouse_connect==0.8.17
```

Note: The `fivetran_connector_sdk:latest` and `requests:latest` packages are pre-installed in the Fivetran environment. To avoid dependency conflicts, do not declare them in your `requirements.txt`.

## **Authentication**

The connector uses basic username and password authentication to connect to ClickHouse. These credentials are specified in the configuration file. The connector uses TLS/SSL for secure connections (indicated by the secure=True parameter in the client configuration).  To obtain credentials: 

1. Create an account in the ClickHouse Cloud console
2. Click on the "Connect" button for your cluster
3. Choose the python Language client to get the connection details
4. Use the connection details to fill in the configuration file

## **Pagination**

The connector uses ClickHouse's streaming query capabilities to efficiently process large datasets without loading all data into memory. This is implemented using the `client.query_rows_stream()` method which yields rows as they are retrieved from the database. 

## **Data Handling**

The connector:  
- Establishes a connection to the ClickHouse database.
- Inserts data into dummy table for testing purposes.
- Retrieves column metadata for the specified table.
- Executes queries with incremental filtering based on a timestamp column (`created_at`).
- Upserts data into destination table.

## **Error Handling**

The connector implements error handling for:  
- Connection failures: Raises informative exceptions if the connector fails to connect to ClickHouse
- Configuration validation: Checks for required configuration parameters before attempting to connect

## **Additional Files**

`adding_dummy_data_to_clickhouse.py`: This python file contains functions to add dummy data to the Clickhouse database. It creates dummy database and table and generates random records with unique IDs and timestamps. This dummy data is inserted into the Clickhouse table for testing purposes. In production, you will not need to insert dummy data, as the connector will work with your existing Clickhouse database.

## **Additional Considerations**

The examples provided are intended to help you effectively use Fivetran's Connector SDK. While we've tested the code, Fivetran cannot be held responsible for any unexpected or negative consequences that may arise from using these examples. For inquiries, please reach out to our Support team.
