connectors/sap_ariba/README.md, before:

# SAP Ariba Purchase Orders Connector Example

## Connector overview
This example demonstrates how to use the Fivetran Connector SDK to extract purchase order and line-item data from the SAP Ariba API. The connector retrieves purchase order headers and details, processes them into row-oriented records, and loads them into a Fivetran destination. It also supports incremental syncing, paging, timestamp normalization, and retry logic.

This connector uses the SAP Ariba Sandbox API for illustration, but it can be adapted for production tenants by updating the configuration values.

## Requirements
- Supported Python versions: https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/blob/main/README.md#requirements
- Operating system:
  - Windows: 10 or later (64-bit only)
  - macOS: 13 or later
  - Linux: Ubuntu 20.04+, Debian 10+, Amazon Linux 2+
- SAP Ariba API key with permission to access purchase order endpoints

## Getting started
Refer to the Connector SDK Setup Guide to get started: https://fivetran.com/docs/connectors/connector-sdk/setup-guide

## Features
- Fetches purchase order and item data from the SAP Ariba API.
- Handles pagination using `$top` and `$skip` query parameters.
- Tracks sync progress using state and checkpoints.
- Converts SAP Ariba timestamps to ISO 8601 UTC format.
- Retries API calls automatically for rate limits or network failures.
- Performs idempotent data loading using `op.upsert`.

## Configuration file
The connector reads configuration values from `configuration.json`, which defines the authentication values required to access SAP Ariba.

Example:
{
  "api_key": "<YOUR_SAP_ARIBA_API_KEY>"
}

Key descriptions:
- `api_key` (required) – SAP Ariba API key used for authentication.

Note: Do not check the `configuration.json` file into version control.

## Requirements file
The `requirements.txt` file lists additional Python dependencies used by the connector. This example does not require any external libraries beyond those preinstalled in the Fivetran execution environment.

Note: The `fivetran_connector_sdk` and `requests` packages are pre-installed. Do not include them in your `requirements.txt`.

## Authentication
The connector authenticates using a single API key passed through HTTP headers. The API key is supplied by the `api_key` field in `configuration.json` and is applied to all API requests.

Refer to `make_api_request()` in `connector.py`.

## Pagination
The SAP Ariba API uses the `$top` and `$skip` query parameters to return paginated data. The connector increments the `$skip` value after every page and continues making requests until the API returns no additional records.

Refer to `sync_rows()` in `connector.py`.

## Data handling
The connector retrieves, parses, normalizes, and loads SAP Ariba data into destination tables. Every record is delivered using `op.upsert`, and large sync operations periodically call `op.checkpoint(state)` to save progress. Timestamp fields returned in Ariba date format are converted to ISO 8601 using the `convert_to_iso` helper.

Refer to `update()` and `filter_columns()` in `connector.py`.

## Error handling
The connector includes automatic retry logic for transient errors and rate-limited responses. Error handling is performed in `make_api_request()`, which uses backoff logic, raises authentication errors, and logs unexpected responses. Network errors are retried with incremental delay.

## Tables created
The connector creates two destination tables summarizing the SAP Ariba purchase order and item entities.

### order
Contains purchase order header-level information, including identifiers, parties, amounts, and document metadata.

### item
Contains line-item details linked to each purchase order, including product descriptions, quantities, codes, and delivery information.

## Additional considerations
This example demonstrates how to work with timestamp conversion, pagination, stateful incremental syncing, and API retry patterns. It may require modifications before being used in production environments. For assistance, contact Fivetran Support.

Commit message:

fix: align README.md with SDK requirements section template

connectors/sap_ariba/README.md, after:

# SAP Ariba Purchase Orders Connector Example

## Connector overview
This example demonstrates how to use the Fivetran Connector SDK to extract purchase order and line-item data from the SAP Ariba API. The connector retrieves purchase order headers and details, processes them into row-oriented records, and loads them into a Fivetran destination. It also supports incremental syncing, paging, timestamp normalization, and retry logic.

This connector uses the SAP Ariba Sandbox API for illustration, but it can be adapted for production tenants by updating the configuration values.

## Requirements
- [Supported Python versions](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/blob/main/README.md#requirements)   
- Operating system:
  - Windows: 10 or later (64-bit only)
  - macOS: 13 (Ventura) or later (Apple Silicon [arm64] or Intel [x86_64])
  - Linux: Distributions such as Ubuntu 20.04 or later, Debian 10 or later, or Amazon Linux 2 or later (arm64 or x86_64)

## Getting started
Refer to the Connector SDK Setup Guide to get started: https://fivetran.com/docs/connectors/connector-sdk/setup-guide

## Features
- Fetches purchase order and item data from the SAP Ariba API.
- Handles pagination using `$top` and `$skip` query parameters.
- Tracks sync progress using state and checkpoints.
- Converts SAP Ariba timestamps to ISO 8601 UTC format.
- Retries API calls automatically for rate limits or network failures.
- Performs idempotent data loading using `op.upsert`.

## Configuration file
The connector reads configuration values from `configuration.json`, which defines the authentication values required to access SAP Ariba.

Example:
{
  "api_key": "<YOUR_SAP_ARIBA_API_KEY>"
}

Key descriptions:
- `api_key` (required) – SAP Ariba API key used for authentication.

Note: Do not check the `configuration.json` file into version control.

## Requirements file
The `requirements.txt` file lists additional Python dependencies used by the connector. This example does not require any external libraries beyond those preinstalled in the Fivetran execution environment.

Note: The `fivetran_connector_sdk` and `requests` packages are pre-installed. Do not include them in your `requirements.txt`.

## Authentication
The connector authenticates using a single API key passed through HTTP headers. The API key is supplied by the `api_key` field in `configuration.json` and is applied to all API requests.

Refer to `make_api_request()` in `connector.py`.

## Pagination
The SAP Ariba API uses the `$top` and `$skip` query parameters to return paginated data. The connector increments the `$skip` value after every page and continues making requests until the API returns no additional records.

Refer to `sync_rows()` in `connector.py`.

## Data handling
The connector retrieves, parses, normalizes, and loads SAP Ariba data into destination tables. Every record is delivered using `op.upsert`, and large sync operations periodically call `op.checkpoint(state)` to save progress. Timestamp fields returned in Ariba date format are converted to ISO 8601 using the `convert_to_iso` helper.

Refer to `update()` and `filter_columns()` in `connector.py`.

## Error handling
The connector includes automatic retry logic for transient errors and rate-limited responses. Error handling is performed in `make_api_request()`, which uses backoff logic, raises authentication errors, and logs unexpected responses. Network errors are retried with incremental delay.

## Tables created
The connector creates two destination tables summarizing the SAP Ariba purchase order and item entities.

### order
Contains purchase order header-level information, including identifiers, parties, amounts, and document metadata.

### item
Contains line-item details linked to each purchase order, including product descriptions, quantities, codes, and delivery information.

## Additional considerations
This example demonstrates how to work with timestamp conversion, pagination, stateful incremental syncing, and API retry patterns. It may require modifications before being used in production environments. For assistance, contact Fivetran Support.
