ai_and_connector_sdk/AI_README.md, before:

# Introduction
This section of our example repository is designed to help you use emerging AI tools with the Connector SDK to build custom connectors. The [Fivetran Connector SDK System Instructions](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/ai_and_connector_sdk/agents.md) file can be used in any IDE or AI assistant process. Simply add it as context to the prompt and let the model or agents do the rest! We have sample outputs and video demonstrations using common IDEs linked below. Follow along or enhance an existing example with AI today!

## Disclaimer
The content and sample code in ai_and_connector_sdk—including README.md, connector.py, and requirements.txt—were generated as batched outputs from a single AI conversation. While a Fivetran employee has tested the functionality for demonstration purposes, the code has not been polished or reviewed for production use. It remains unedited AI output and should be treated as illustrative only.

## ChatGPT
ChatGPT can be effectively used to help you leverage our Connector SDK to build custom connectors. This was achieved by passing examples from this repository along with the full [technical reference](https://fivetran.com/docs/connector-sdk/technical-reference) documentation to ChatGPT. When tested, it does require some manual adjustments of the created code.


## IDE & AI Assistant Support

Learn about using various IDEs and AI assistants with the Fivetran Connector SDK. Each section includes a summary and links to relevant sub-guides, sample content, and a short video.

- [Cursor](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/ai_and_connector_sdk/cursor)
- [Windsurf](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/ai_and_connector_sdk/windsurf)
- [Visual Studio Code](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/ai_and_connector_sdk/vscode)
- [Claude](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/ai_and_connector_sdk/claude)

---

## Cursor

**Summary:**  
Cursor is an AI-powered code editor designed for productivity, smart completion, and real-time collaboration, with robust Python support.

**Contents:**
- [Fivetran Connector SDK AI System Instructions {Notepad}](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/ai_and_connector_sdk/agents.md)
- [Installation Guide](https://www.cursor.com/)
- [Using Cursor with Fivetran Connector SDK](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/ai_and_connector_sdk/cursor/CURSOR_README.md)

---

## Windsurf

**Summary:**  
Windsurf is a lightweight, cloud-based IDE for rapid prototyping and collaboration, supporting live sharing and direct browser development.

**Contents:**
- [Fivetran Connector SDK AI System Instructions](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/ai_and_connector_sdk/agents.md)
- [Getting Started](https://docs.windsurf.com/windsurf/getting-started)
- [Context Awareness](https://docs.windsurf.com/context-awareness/windsurf-overview)

---

## Visual Studio Code

**Summary:**  
Visual Studio Code (VS Code) is a widely-used, open-source code editor with Python support, advanced debugging, and a rich extension library.

**Contents:**
- [Fivetran Connector SDK AI System Instructions](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/ai_and_connector_sdk/agents.md)
- [Getting Started](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/getting-started)
- [Copilot in VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/copilot/getting-started)

---

## Claude

**Summary:**  
Claude is an AI assistant by Anthropic, capable of generating and editing Python code for Fivetran connectors. Claude can automate and accelerate connector development and has been used to generate connectors with multi-table schemas.

## Claude Code
Claude Code has proved to be capable of successfully generating a connector capable of populating a multi-table schema during its initial run. The [Claude md File](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/ai_and_connector_sdk/claude/CLAUDE.md) in this folder contains instructions for Claude to be able to successfully build and debug connectors using Fivetran's Connector SDK. Start Claude Code in this folder so that it can pick up the CLAUDE.md content when generating responses. You can swap in the contents from agents.md into CLAUDE.md to see how the model behaves with different contexts, iterate and improve as you develop solutions!

We also have [published a blog post](https://www.fivetran.com/blog/building-a-fivetran-connector-in-1-hour-with-anthropics-claude-ai) about our experiences and included the code as Claude generated it in the folder claude/pokeapi_tutorial with the output of our exploration with Claude. The [warehouse.db](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/ai_and_connector_sdk/claude/pokeapi_tutorial/pokeapi_connector/files/warehouse.db) and [state.json](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/ai_and_connector_sdk/claude/pokeapi_tutorial/pokeapi_connector/files/state.json) files are included here so you can easily review the output of the first sync. Note that these files are not required for Connector SDK - they are only temporary files created during testing.

**Contents:**
- [Fivetran Connector SDK AI System Instructions](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/ai_and_connector_sdk/agents.md)
- [Claude md File](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/ai_and_connector_sdk/claude/CLAUDE.md)
- [Getting Started with Claude](https://docs.anthropic.com/en/docs/get-started)
- [Blog Post: Building a Fivetran Connector in 1 Hour with Claude AI](https://www.fivetran.com/blog/building-a-fivetran-connector-in-1-hour-with-anthropics-claude-ai)
  
---

Commit message:

AI - No Yield revisions (#255)
* AI - No Yield revisions

* Update connector.py

* Update configuration.json

* Update README.md

* Update connector.py

* Update configuration.json

* Update README.md

* Update connector.py

* Update configuration.json

* Update README.md

* Update connector.py

* Update configuration.json

* Update README.md

* Update AI_README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update pokeapi_connector_tutorial.md

* Update CLAUDE.md

* Fix Python formatting via script

* Update connector.py

* Update connector.py

* Update connector.py

* Update connector.py

* Update connector.py

* Update connector.py

* Update connector.py

* Update connector.py

* Update connector.py

---------

Co-authored-by: Elijah Davis <elijah.davis@elijah.davis-V3W7XVQ1XQ>

ai_and_connector_sdk/AI_README.md, after:

# Introduction
This section of our example repository is designed to help you use emerging AI tools with the Connector SDK to build custom connectors. The [Fivetran Connector SDK System Instructions](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/ai_and_connector_sdk/agents.md) file can be used in any IDE or AI assistant process. Simply add it as context to the prompt and let the model or agents do the rest! We have sample outputs and video demonstrations using common IDEs linked below. Follow along or enhance an existing example with AI today!

## Note: The agents.md file has been updated to reflect the recent [release](https://fivetran.com/docs/connector-sdk/changelog#august2025) where Yield is no longer required. Learn more about migrating to this new logic by going to the [Fivetran documentation](https://fivetran.com/docs/connector-sdk/tutorials/removing-yield-usage).

## Disclaimer
The content and sample code in ai_and_connector_sdk—including README.md, connector.py, and requirements.txt—were generated as batched outputs from a single AI conversation. While a Fivetran employee has tested the functionality for demonstration purposes, the code has not been polished or reviewed for production use. It remains unedited AI output and should be treated as illustrative only.

## ChatGPT
ChatGPT can be effectively used to help you leverage our Connector SDK to build custom connectors. This was achieved by passing examples from this repository along with the full [technical reference](https://fivetran.com/docs/connector-sdk/technical-reference) documentation to ChatGPT. When tested, it does require some manual adjustments of the created code.


## IDE & AI Assistant Support

Learn about using various IDEs and AI assistants with the Fivetran Connector SDK. Each section includes a summary and links to relevant sub-guides, sample content, and a short video.

- [Cursor](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/ai_and_connector_sdk/cursor)
- [Windsurf](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/ai_and_connector_sdk/windsurf)
- [Visual Studio Code](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/ai_and_connector_sdk/vscode)
- [Claude](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/ai_and_connector_sdk/claude)

---

## Cursor

**Summary:**  
Cursor is an AI-powered code editor designed for productivity, smart completion, and real-time collaboration, with robust Python support.

**Contents:**
- [Fivetran Connector SDK AI System Instructions {Notepad}](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/ai_and_connector_sdk/agents.md)
- [Installation Guide](https://www.cursor.com/)
- [Using Cursor with Fivetran Connector SDK](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/ai_and_connector_sdk/cursor/CURSOR_README.md)

---

## Windsurf

**Summary:**  
Windsurf is a lightweight, cloud-based IDE for rapid prototyping and collaboration, supporting live sharing and direct browser development.

**Contents:**
- [Fivetran Connector SDK AI System Instructions](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/ai_and_connector_sdk/agents.md)
- [Getting Started](https://docs.windsurf.com/windsurf/getting-started)
- [Context Awareness](https://docs.windsurf.com/context-awareness/windsurf-overview)

---

## Visual Studio Code

**Summary:**  
Visual Studio Code (VS Code) is a widely-used, open-source code editor with Python support, advanced debugging, and a rich extension library.

**Contents:**
- [Fivetran Connector SDK AI System Instructions](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/ai_and_connector_sdk/agents.md)
- [Getting Started](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/getting-started)
- [Copilot in VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/copilot/getting-started)

---

## Claude

**Summary:**  
Claude is an AI assistant by Anthropic, capable of generating and editing Python code for Fivetran connectors. Claude can automate and accelerate connector development and has been used to generate connectors with multi-table schemas.

## Claude Code
Claude Code has proved to be capable of successfully generating a connector capable of populating a multi-table schema during its initial run. The [Claude md File](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/ai_and_connector_sdk/claude/CLAUDE.md) in this folder contains instructions for Claude to be able to successfully build and debug connectors using Fivetran's Connector SDK. Start Claude Code in this folder so that it can pick up the CLAUDE.md content when generating responses. You can swap in the contents from agents.md into CLAUDE.md to see how the model behaves with different contexts, iterate and improve as you develop solutions!

We also have [published a blog post](https://www.fivetran.com/blog/building-a-fivetran-connector-in-1-hour-with-anthropics-claude-ai) about our experiences and included the code as Claude generated it in the folder claude/pokeapi_tutorial with the output of our exploration with Claude. The [warehouse.db](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/ai_and_connector_sdk/claude/pokeapi_tutorial/pokeapi_connector/files/warehouse.db) and [state.json](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/ai_and_connector_sdk/claude/pokeapi_tutorial/pokeapi_connector/files/state.json) files are included here so you can easily review the output of the first sync. Note that these files are not required for Connector SDK - they are only temporary files created during testing.

**Contents:**
- [Fivetran Connector SDK AI System Instructions](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/ai_and_connector_sdk/agents.md)
- [Claude md File](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/ai_and_connector_sdk/claude/CLAUDE.md)
- [Getting Started with Claude](https://docs.anthropic.com/en/docs/get-started)
- [Blog Post: Building a Fivetran Connector in 1 Hour with Claude AI](https://www.fivetran.com/blog/building-a-fivetran-connector-in-1-hour-with-anthropics-claude-ai)
  
---
