ai_and_connector_sdk/README.md, before:

# Introduction
This section of our example repository is designed to help you use emerging AI tools with the Connector SDK to build custom connectors.


# ChatGPT
ChatGPT can be effectively used to help you leverage our Connector SDK to build custom connectors. This was achieved by passing examples from this repository along with the full [technical reference](https://fivetran.com/docs/connector-sdk/technical-reference) documentation to ChatGPT. When tested, it does require some manual adjustments of the created code.

# Claude Code
Claude Code has proved to be capable of successfully generating a connector capable of populating a multi-table schema during its initial run. The CLAUDE.md file in this folder contains instructions for Claude to be able to successfully build and debug connectors using Fivetran's Connector SDK. Start Claude Code in this folder so that it can pick up the CLAUDE.md and use the examples symbolic link to discover the example connectors. 

We [created a blog article](https://www.fivetran.com/blog/building-a-fivetran-connector-in-1-hour-with-anthropics-claude-ai) about our experiences and included the code as Claude generated it. We have also included the folder claude_20250228 with the output of our exploration with Claude. The warehouse.db and state.json files are included here so you can easily review the output of the first sync even though these files are only temporary files created during testing and are not required for Connector SDK.

Commit message:

Refine CLAUDE.md contents from testing and directory structure in ai folder (#105)
* update CLAUDE.md and add symbolic link to examples folder

* update README for AI folder

* Update ai_and_connector_sdk/README.md

correcting typo

* Update examples

* refine claude.md

* Update README.md

* Update CLAUDE.md to make the structure clean

* Delete ai_and_connector_sdk/examples

Relative sym link doesn't work in Git repos

* Updated AI Readme.md and renames the claude example folder

* Delete ai_and_connector_sdk/examples

---------

Co-authored-by: Alison Kline <alsnkline@gmail.com>

ai_and_connector_sdk/README.md, after:

# Introduction
This section of our example repository is designed to help you use emerging AI tools with the Connector SDK to build custom connectors.


# ChatGPT
ChatGPT can be effectively used to help you leverage our Connector SDK to build custom connectors. This was achieved by passing examples from this repository along with the full [technical reference](https://fivetran.com/docs/connector-sdk/technical-reference) documentation to ChatGPT. When tested, it does require some manual adjustments of the created code.

# Claude Code
Claude Code has proved to be capable of successfully generating a connector capable of populating a multi-table schema during its initial run. The CLAUDE.md file in this folder contains instructions for Claude to be able to successfully build and debug connectors using Fivetran's Connector SDK. Start Claude Code in this folder so that it can pick up the CLAUDE.md content when generating responses. 

We also have [published a blog post](https://www.fivetran.com/blog/building-a-fivetran-connector-in-1-hour-with-anthropics-claude-ai) about our experiences and included the code as Claude generated it in the folder claude_pokeapi_example with the output of our exploration with Claude. The warehouse.db and state.json files are included here so you can easily review the output of the first sync even though these files are only temporary files created during testing and are not required for Connector SDK.
